---
layout: post
title: "First!"
date: 2015-10-16
author: denikson
---

Just like an agog moppet on any YouTube video, the first post deserves the same treatment.

## First!!!11!!1! Ohmigod im furst! whoo!!1!

Now that we got this out of the way, welcome to the home of UmaiUme.

The release of this webpage is the first major thing we did since UmaiUme was "divulgated" on HongFire. Since then, unfortunately, not a lot has happened towards *anything*. In fact, I daresay we don't really know how to properly advance to our goal. Yet, now that the discussions has come to life once again, I thought it was high time something was done -- at the very least so as not to have this project stalled once again.

Here are some thoughts and insights on what is going to happen in the nearest future:

* Right now all members of UmaiUme Union are quite busy with their just-started studies or jobs. Since autumn is halfway lived through and daily schedule becomes more free, I (and other members) should become more involved with the development of this tool. Of course, getting new members would speed up the process significantly.
* Currently I am able to work on writing tutorials during weekends. Hopefully I am done with at least ReiPatcher and advanced UnityInjector by the end of October.
* After I am done with the tutorials, I will start planning out the base specification for UmaiUme's mod package manager.
* After the first alpha versions of the package manager are released, more developers might actually become interested in developing extensions and additional patching modules for the mod manager.
* I might start thinking on the possibility of creating a simple mod repository. Wouldn't it be nice to have something like Aptitude or Cabal for UmaiUme?

Right now, I'm just hoping that we'll get more members (and perhaps more active maintainers of this page).

All, in all, **let the development commence**!